1. How many types of conditions are available in conditional formatting on Excel?

There are 6 types of conditions available in conditional formatting on Excel:

Cell Value: This condition allows you to format cells based on their value. For example, you could format cells that are greater than 100 in red.
Text: This condition allows you to format cells based on their text content. For example, you could format cells that contain the word "Sales" in blue.
Date: This condition allows you to format cells based on their date value. For example, you could format cells that are today's date in bold.
Time: This condition allows you to format cells based on their time value. For example, you could format cells that are between 9am and 5pm in green.
Formula: This condition allows you to format cells based on the results of a formula. For example, you could format cells that contain the value of a specific formula in yellow.
Custom: This condition allows you to create your own custom condition. For example, you could format cells that contain the value of a specific cell in a different font.
2. How to insert border in Excel with Format Cells dialog?

To insert a border in Excel with the Format Cells dialog, you can use the following steps:

Select the cells that you want to add a border to.
Click on the Home tab.
In the Cells group, click on the Format button.
In the Format Cells dialog box, select the Border tab.
Select the border style, color, and width that you want to use.
Click on the OK button.
3. How to Format Numbers as Currency in Excel?

To format numbers as currency in Excel, you can use the following steps:

Select the cells that you want to format.
Click on the Home tab.
In the Number group, click on the Currency button.
In the Number group, select the currency format that you want to use.
Click on the OK button.
4. What are the steps to format numbers in Excel with the Percent style?

To format numbers in Excel with the Percent style, you can use the following steps:

Select the cells that you want to format.
Click on the Home tab.
In the Number group, click on the Percent button.
In the Number group, select the percent format that you want to use.
Click on the OK button.
5. What is a shortcut to merge two or more cells in excel?

The shortcut to merge two or more cells in Excel is Ctrl+E.

6. How do you use text commands in Excel?

Text commands in Excel allow you to manipulate text in cells. For example, you could use a text command to convert all of the text in a cell to uppercase or lowercase.

To use a text command in Excel, you can use the following syntax:

=TEXT(value, format)
Where value is the text that you want to format, and format is the format that you want to use.

For example, the following formula would convert the text "Hello World" to uppercase:

=TEXT("Hello World", "U")
The U in the format string tells Excel to convert the text to uppercase.

There are a number of different text commands that you can use in Excel. For a complete list of text commands, you can refer to the Excel help documentation.